Update de.flapdoodle.embed.mongo to 4.13.0 in main (#297)
input-output-hk/atala-prism-mediator: Coordinate-Mediation-Protocol.md

# Coordinate Mediation Protocol

This protocol is a part of the [DIDComm](https://didcomm.org/).

It coordinates the mediation configuration between a mediating agent and the recipient.

> This protocol follows the request-response message exchange pattern, and only requerires the simple state of waiting for a response or to produce a response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This protocol follows the request-response message exchange pattern and only requires the simple state of waiting for or producing a response.
```
